README.md, before:

# Introduction

This is yet another example of Cutting Stock Problem (CSP) solving with C++ using Google OR-Tools.
The code for this project was taken from repository https://github.com/emadehsan/csp and
"Practical Python AI Projects: Mathematical Models of Optimization Problems with Google OR-Tools"
book written by Serge Kruk. 
Original Python code:
https://github.com/sgkruk/Apress-AI/blob/master/cutting_stock.py
https://github.com/emadehsan/csp

# Project Build

This build support only x64 Windows machines.

You'll need:

* CMake >= 3.8
* A C++17 compiler

In repository directory run:

```sh
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

To generate build files including dependencies in a new
subdirectory called 'build', run:

```sh
cmake -S. -Bbuild
```
This will take some time as cmake will download OR-Tools and all required dependencies.
Then build with:

```sh
cmake --build build --config Release
```

# Run example

To run the example copy example.csv file to csp.exe and run: 

```sh
csp.exe -f example_0.csv -w 2300 -i 20
```

or 

```sh
csp.exe -f example_1.csv -w 2300 -i 100
```

Commit message:

Update examples execution
Sample data files are now copied to the target directory after build.

README.md, after:

# Introduction

This is yet another example of Cutting Stock Problem (CSP) solving with C++ using Google OR-Tools.
The code for this project was taken from repository https://github.com/emadehsan/csp and
"Practical Python AI Projects: Mathematical Models of Optimization Problems with Google OR-Tools"
book written by Serge Kruk. 
Original Python code:
https://github.com/sgkruk/Apress-AI/blob/master/cutting_stock.py
https://github.com/emadehsan/csp

# Project Build

This build support only x64 Windows machines.

You'll need:

* CMake >= 3.8
* A C++17 compiler

In repository directory run:

```sh
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

To generate build files including dependencies in a new
subdirectory called 'build', run:

```sh
cmake -S. -Bbuild
```
This will take some time as cmake will download OR-Tools and all required dependencies.
Then build with:

```sh
cmake --build build --config Release
```

# Run example

To run the example navigate to the target directory:

```sh
cd build/RELEASE
```

And run:

```sh
csp.exe -f example_data/example_0.csv -w 2300 -i 20
```

or 

```sh
csp.exe -f example_data/example_1.csv -w 2300 -i 100
```
